For the first time, and thats one of the things I enjoy most about this convention.
It's not so much as so little as to do with what everything is, but it is within our
self interest to understand the topography of our lives unto ourselves. The future
states that there is no time other than the collapsation of that sensation of the
mirror and the memories of which we are living. Common knowledge but important
nonetheless. As we face fear in these times and fear is all around us, we also have
anti fear. It's hard to imagine or measure, the background radiation is simply too
static to be able to be seen under the normal spectrum of analysis. But we feel as
though, that there are times when a lot of us, you know what im saying, but like,
cus like, you know what im saying, as a hip hop thing, cause ted be rocking. So I
wrote a song, I hope you guys dig it. It's about people, sasquatches, other fringe
science, that's fringe science. And it's like, you know, you can use as many of those
things as you want, right. And the computer models, no matter how many that you have and
how many people that you use, are never going to be able to arrive at the same conclusions.
Four years ago I worked with good people from the brookingston's institute and I arrived at a conclusion.
Tomorrow is another day, not just any day, but it is a day. And it will get here, there's no question.
And the important thing to remember is that this simulation is a good one.
It's believeable, its tactile, you can reach out things are solid, you can move objects from one area to another.
You can feel your body, you can say: "I'd like to go over to this location" and you can move this mass of molecules
through the air over to another location at will. That's something you live inside of every day.
Now with the allocation and the understanding of the lack of understanding we enter into a new era
of science which we feel nothing more then so much so as to say that those within themselves comporary
or non comporary will figuratively figure into the folding of our nonunderstanding and our partial understanding
to the networks which of which we all draw our source and conclusions from. So, as I say before the last piece:
"Feel not is though it is a sphere we leave on, rather, an infinite plane which has sthe illusion of leading
yourself back to the origin. Once we understand that all the spheres and the skies are just large infinite planes,
it will be plain to see, ah ha ha ha ha, OK. This is my final piece. And just remember, everything you are is more
important to realize the negative space ; as music is only the division of space, it is the space we are listening
to divided as such which gives us the information in comparison to something other that gives us the idea of what
the idea wants to be transmitted, wants to be. So please, without further ado.
